May.1

1

Investigating word embedding.

"The quality of these representations
is measured in a word similarity task"

What would it mean to think of a distance function on the set of all words?

"such that words used in similar contexts end up close to each other in that vector space"

2

I will have to consider turning my theory into a modern esoteric theory like manifesting or human design or some shit to make money with it and market it. Thing is I know nothing about the esotericism market. I feel like there must be strategies and opportunities though.

2.1

Step 1: Develop science of silexis and write about it. It is not important if nobody reads it.
Step 2: Make it marketable

3

What is enneagram?

Yeah doesn't strike me as too special

But it would be interesting to analyze it's marketing, presentation and how people make money off of it since it has a very similar appeal to silexis

4

What is factor analysis?

Yeah it's similar to my methodology

Okay factor is actually a good term for my 100 morphemes. Better then morpheme. I will call them factors now.

4.1

Remember the term "factorize"

5

What kind of touch transfers love?

Yeah there is definitely a differerence between being touched with love and without.

Understanding this is crutial for understanding alternative healing.

Idea: Miracle healing is healing of psychosomatic symptoms through contact with a energetically coherent body (the healer).

Wow that's interesting that silexis is able to explain energetic healing like that.

How do I analyze this with the methodology of phenomenology?

This also seems to be one of the ideal love languages.

6

At some point I will need to write down articles with hopefully professional academic language and methodology. The question just is: Where?

Right now my number one priority is: Develop scientific methodology and language.

Yeah do science, then marketing.

I need to build rabbitholes for autistic people to go down in. All I need are a handful of influencial autistic individuals do go down my rabbithole for this thing to blow up in the long run. But before I can write something down I need to develop the theory.

7

What do 89 people want? It is really possible that they want absolutely nothing. I think they just want to dissolve.

Idea: It is impossible to please a 89.

Do 89s even want to have relationships???? Do they have sexual drive???????? It is possible they don't and that's why the church is anti sex since 89 people preached about not wanting sex????????????????????????

Holy shit. Maybe they don't even have the desire for unity???????????????? What the hell crazy theory

I would perfectly explain the existence of monestaries cross culture.

Yeah it might be the most elegant explaination yet actually.

So asceticism is actually an authentic expression of 89???

8

Spinoza term potentia.

holy shit every time I open the book ethics it reads something very silexian. This was one of my first thoughts about how silexis relates to philosophy but I'm gaining more and more confidence in it's truth: Silexis is the natural extension of Spinozas works.

9

Idea: 
1. Use the NP11 for the abstract words, 
2. the NP12 for their noun, verb, adjective, adverb version (two slots open)
3. Use NP21 for nouns?
4. NP22 are free for bullshit then I guess. Like random ass names and stuff

"
Rough distribution in English dictionaries

Estimates based on large lexicons like Oxford English Dictionary and Merriam-Webster Dictionary suggest:
Nouns: ~50–60%
Adjectives: ~20–25%
Verbs: ~10–15%
Adverbs: ~5–10%
"

Yeah kinda makes sense.

10

remember the oxford 3000 and the oxford 5000 to fill up your dict.

11

At some point I need to make a power point and show this to people on zoom or something

May.2

1

The universe is completely reflected in the soul and of the universe is completely reflected in the mind but in a more structured way. 

2

I realized it is good to not use all of the 1F NP11s since then I have some free for the 2Fs that are not composed of any of the 1Fs.

3

How many 1F words do I have? 

100 * (36 + 2 * 36 * 6) = 46800

4

I could use the T4s for the abstract terms and make P0000 denote the most abstract term of each 1F. These sound funny though. For example 22 would be dededede yeah that's stupid af. I could cheat though and just name this "4*de" so number 4 and de?

5

I need to work on finding the optimal state of consciousness when working. I think I'm too 17. I need more 97.

6

you are laughing
ui-shta koegna

7

wait wait wait I completely forgot about tonality and stuff. I can just encode nouns verbs etc with different pronounciations of the same word! I could also use different vowels after a consonant 

u neutral
e noun
a verb
o adjective
ä adverb
i something else

I could also have different meanings depending weather a double consonant is pronounced as one sillable or two.

8

Okay next step is add 2F functionality.

Wait how do I do issues again.

9

"life finds a way"
oare eovl-ue-rhashta

10

Research Max Stirner
I think Silexis is also a kind of radical individualism since living authentically is in some way individualistic.

11

Remember adding T2 PX and T3 PXX of the 0Xs.

12

Silexis is anti-modernity

13

The thought behind making 27 order and 87 chaos.

Idea: At the end, order is what enables the standing wave and therefore existence, while chaos creates destructive interference. Order applies to all complexity factors. 

13.1

Ordered emotions are positive emotions. Waves have to be harmonious in order to be standing waves (?)

Ordered patterns are predictable. Waves have to be predictable in order to be standing waves (?)

Seeking order in the collective is conformity. Waves have to be similar to each other in order to be standing waves (?)

13.2

What is harmonious? Isn't it when the different components of the wave have simple ratios? Super interesting thought.

Yeah so it's ratio, similarity and predictability????? Damn sounds like it could be correct. Okay what's crazy is that this is MEASURABLE??????????

How do I measure these variables?

Okay but what does ratio have to do with reflection??? So maybe harmonious ratio is consonance actually. "Harmonious ratio" sounds a lot like golden ratio.

I do think that 21 has something to do with containment. 

Two waves can be similar but unpredictable and they can be dissimilar but predictable. So this seems right.

13.3

Reflective resonance bodies produce standing waves through containment.

Pattern resonance bodies produce standing waves in relationship to learned patterns.

Similarity resonance bodies produce standing waves by learning the structures of other bodies and resonating with them.

So both reflective and pattern resonance bodies are introverts (?). Only 22 people can go out and celebrate being similar to everybody.

13.4

So the complexity does not lie in the wave itself but in how waves interact. 

Why are similarity people afraid of change? Do they fear being different when they change? But if 22 is similarity, then what is point? Ah I guess there comes the differentiation of position 15 and point 22, where the rigidity of 22 comes from the desire of similarity and not from a geometrical reason. 

So there are at least three interpretation of point: Geometric 15, seeking similarity 22 and resulting from opposing forces 14.

centering point position

center also exists as 11 I would say.

13.5

Is 21 duration? That would absolutely be measurable.

The question now is also weather I can make 48 and 68 measurable.

What is self-doubt? Self-dissonance?

Yeah I want to get to the point where I can derive all the factors from the main ones and make them measurable.

Unity, duality has something to do with density. Density is easily measurable.

Okay what I could do is make a particle life program with these variables in mind (?)

Okay next I want to relate this to existing particle lifes.

14

Step 1: Finish Silexis
Step 2: Make juicy documentation and media for it and do community building around it.
Step 3: Work on science and methodology of silexis
Step 4: Write about it and market it.

15

I need to deepen my understanding of what a theory is.

"
A scientific theory is a well-substantiated, coherent system of explanations that integrates many tested hypotheses and observations.

It explains why and how phenomena occur.
It is supported by extensive evidence.
It is broad in scope and often unifies many findings.
It remains open to revision, but is not “just a guess.”
"

Yeah at some point I need to sift through existing research but all in due time.

Based on this understanding of a theory I do think that silexis has potential to be one.

Maybe I need to study similar theories and see how they were constructed and how they were legitimized. I don't know of a similar theory though.

"
A model is a representation of a system used to describe, explain, or predict its behavior.

It can be mathematical, computational, or conceptual.
It often involves simplifications or idealizations.
It may be derived from a theory, but can also be more pragmatic.
"

I'm not sure if Silexis is a model or a theory.

"
How they relate

In practice, they interact:

A theory suggests hypotheses.
Hypotheses are tested experimentally.
Models are built to formalize or simulate parts of the theory or specific hypotheses.
"

Okay I just looked through Karl Poppers logik der Forschung and it seems to be a banger. I need to study it closely.

16

Idea: Order the 0Xs after permanence/flux. This new order would be:

Idea
meaning
graspable
body
spirit
soul
mind
consciousness
ungraspable

The idea is "it's all the same, the illusion of difference comes from the difference in permanence" I LOVE this.

Yeah I think I like this a lot more.
Wait this would mean I have to rearrange 21 22 23 again damn.

So before I did "how graspable it is" and now switch?

May.3

1

At some point I def will need a website. I will have to do research about how to do it and start brainstorming how I want to structure it.

2

If hosting a website is too costly, what I could do is design a website first an wait a long time until I put it online. 

3

 “I am not well; I could have built the Pyramids with the effort it takes me to cling on to life and reason.”

― Franz Kafka, Letters to Felice 

4

This is at the beginning of Logik der Forschung:

"Hypotheses are nets: only he who casts will catch."
Novalis

5

"I for my part hold the very opposite opinion, and I assert that
whenever a dispute has raged for any length of time, espe-
cially in philosophy, there was, at the bottom of it, never a
problem about mere words, but always a genuine problem
about things."
I. Kant (1786)

6

"The question whether inductive inferences are justified, or under
what conditions, is known as the problem of induction."

7

It seems Silexis is somewhere on the spectrum between fiction, poetry and science. I want it to relate to science as much as possible but at the end of the day, it might be more poetry than science. I want to roughly aim for a similar ratio as Deleuze for example.

8

similarity people also want to be inspired and find purpose but usually they don't find it since they are so busy conforming.

9

The wave is the affect in spinozas ethics

10

What is nested observer window model

Integrated information theory

11

In meditation there needs to be a balance of substance (affect) and dissolution (emptiness). The fomer makes the latter stronger and the latter makes the former stronger.

If you maximize dissolution, there is the potential for maximum affect which is psychosis. So in this understanding psychosis is 5119

12

I just realized that it is kinda unique that I'm using computational tools for philosophy in this way

13

I'm kinda tempted to just keep updating the language for ever, which would mean constantly switching the meanings of the words around. This would be interesting since it would enable the language to change with the development of culture and not stay regressive.

14

I'm noticing that words like "proxy" are hard to translate like for, as, etc

I think it's illusion, since illusion also contains facade. Yeah that makes total sense. I love it actually

Still not sure if it's a good translation for as and for. Could also be concept. Concept as a less severe version of illusion? Makes sense. Yeah makes total sense since a concept is a kind of placeholder. Super cool actually yeah way better.

15

I think even if this does not get accepted in academia it has the potential to absolutely smoke most existing new age theories, which means I could make a good living off of this. Ideally I want to live off donations though I don't want to be a salesperson if I don't have to.

16

Let's think about the constraints again.

1. Word has the same NP and P value as another word of a different factor.
2. Word is composed from specific words

I also had the happy paronyms but they would just seem to overcomplicate stuff.

17

"Rules are for people and not people are for rules" is now "economic growth is for people and not people for economic growth"

18

Hypothesis: Energy in the body is only bad if it is resisted. The reason why energy in the body leads to tension is the same reason why hopping in very cold or very hot water leads to tension because it is an intense sensation. The trick is to continue releasing tension as it builds up while also building up energy. If one only builds up energy without releasing tension, it will become very uncomfortable really fast. It is also challenging to not be too disctracted by the energy and focussing on developing trust and resolving.

May.4

1

"The initial stage, the act of conceiving or inventing a theory, seems
to me neither to call for logical analysis nor to be susceptible of it."

Yeah that was my intuition too. It doesn't make sense to be scientifically rigorous right now bc rn I'm just building the model and collecting hypotheses.

2

I'm trying to create something like the Bohr model of ontology. I think this describes it pretty well.

3

Idea about analyzing the different modes of komplexity in directed graphs:

Start at a node, 

4

Idea: Since reality is reflected in the individual, any negation is self-negation

5

Idea: Experiencing God infinity is turning off modes of complexity. Question: What does the brain do if all modes of complexity are disabled?

Lol I reached "disability is divinity" again

6

Hypothesis: The wave is the only existing thing without object permanance.

7

Hypothesis: There is a subtle difference between low self esteem and needyness.

There is low self esteem that comes from grandiosity that can be authentic.

Wild idea: Narcissists do not actually necessarily have low self-esteem, they are just afraid of abandonment and there is a subtle difference here (is there?).

No this is false. This is the difference between needyness and narcissism. It is possible to be needy without low self-esteem. Narcissism is the combination of needyness and low self-esteem (?)

Is it possible to be needy without being clingy? I guess it should be possible. So according to this logic, needyness is actually 90 and not 93.

8

Hypothesis: There is a kind of authentic low self-esteem that happens as a response of the body to feelings of grandiosity. In extrem cases this can turn into bipolar.

9

I need to read some Jung and figure out his methodology and writingstyle.

10

what is Natura Naturata and natura naturans

instinct flux

is in 00-03

not in 01

not in 00

not in 03

in 02

11

A language is like a cave, dug into the mountain that is reality. 
ue-begru shto-sfor-ue-liukia, 

The cave is dark but there are sparse shining crystals that represent the concepts of the language. Since the cave is so dark and has a labyrinth structure, it is hard to find the right concept. The issue epistemically is that these crystals are shiny but not the whole of reality. They are usefull for navigation and to understand the mountain but they can also distract from asking deeper questions about the cave or dig for new crystals.

Silexis is also a dark cave with crystals, dug into reality. The difference is that the cave itself is structured in a very comprehensible way which makes naviagation very easy. There is also encouragement for digging more tunnels and exploring reality further. However there is still the same risk of mistaking this unique set of crystals for a sufficient view of reality and this specific hierarchical tunnel system as somehow inherent to reality.

12

The brain of a 23 is like a sorting system with a very large number of buckets. At the end, the knowledge will be more fine tuned but it takes a long time to get to that point because of how meticulous the process is.

May.5

1

The main conflict in capitalism is the state of affairs, where people who live in capitalist systems must constantly ask themselves weather what they are doing is good enough. Everyone has that but only sensitive people are hyper aware of it and suffer greatly because of it. Capitalist societies are run by people who are insensitive 8235 psychos who also suffer from it (?) but are not aware of it. They oppress the 2235.

In capitalism and meritocricy, the focus on being, even as an artist is on selling yourself and creating products that are good enough to compete in the market. What is ignored is that at the end of the day, true value comes from our relationships with humans, not from consuming products.

The underlying wrong assumption is this: I help people the most by serving people. I  think this logic actually only goes for 21 people. Hypothesis: This logic does not apply to 81 people. They are most valuable when focussing on their own self-actualization and this value gets transferred to the population through their relationships. 

So 81 people have to be allowed to invest their energy into self-actualization and their relationships. One indication that this is true is that 81 people are able to build deeper relationships and even force a 21 into their first intimate (there are non-intimate sexual relationships) relationship.

2

I think the main issue with this theory is that these insights came from my own observations and are hard to understand for people who have not observed reality in this way.

3

What is the connection between similarity and parallel processing? Idea: Parallel processing requires making probabilistic decisions. Since most natural probability density functions accumulate probability around a mean, making decisions with those probability functions leads to a tendency to land in proximity to that mean.

This is absolutely genius.

What this means is that 21 people align with the bell curve on an existential level. Holy shit.

So what the fuck IS probability? Also where precisely does this uncertainty arise from parallelity?

Let's look at the simplest example of conformity: The swarm.

Let's imagine we are a fish in a swarm. Say there are n fish in our proximity. Each of these follow their own unique trajectory.

Idea: In order to contribute to swarm behaviour, you need to find the distributions of those n trajectories and adhere to that distribution.

Is there research on swarm behaviour?

The distributions of trajectories in one given moment can only be found through PARALLEL PROCESSING since if you tried to analyze each trajectory individually, the moment would have passed and their trajectories would be different again.

Idea: If you had only sequencial processing and enoug time, you could just calculate the exact mean, but since you need speed, you use parallel processing and as a tradeoff only calculate the distribution.

But why can the precise mean not be calculated with parallel processing?

An interesting follow-up question is: Why does similarity exist at all? This is already a radical question but here is a more radical version: Does similarity even exist or is it hallucinated into existence by swarm consciousness??????? Holy fuck. Correlate: Everything is radically different and in that radically the same. How does this relate to the term difference trad: Deleuze? 

So it seems that 21, 22, 23 might not be facets of reality but modes of consciousness. Swarm-, feeling-, pattern-consciousness.

What's interesting is that "probability density function" includes density which is also a core concept (02, relationship between 10 and 90) in Silexis.  

4

Idea: God consciousness is coherence of existence. 

What is coherence precisely? Non judgement? Harmonic ratios?

5

Logisch-philosophische Abhandlung über den silexischen Naturalismus.
Der Grundstein der Silexologie.

1:0 Die Realität ist Feld. 
1:1 Das Feld ist Seitenartig. 
1:2 Die Seitenartigkeit setzt sich aus drei Eigenschaften zusammen:

    1.1:0 Die Federartigkeit. 
    1.1:1 Die Federartigkeit setzt sich aus zwei Eigenschaften zusammen:

    12.0 Das in sich selbst ruhen. 
    12.1 Das in sich selbst ruhen impliziert zwei Verhaltensweisen:


1.0 Reality is field. 
1.1 Field has the string quality. 
1.2 The string quality combines three qualities:

    11.0 The ability to move.
    11.1 The ability to move is the ability to have direction.
    12 If it has direction, it will change direction at frequency f.
    13.0 The ability to rest in itself. 
    13.1 The ability to rest in itself combines two attributes:

        131.0 If it is directionless, it stays directionless without influence.
        131.1 When a thing with string quality gains direction from a state of directionlessness due to influence, it is called exitation. 
        132.0 If it has direction, it keeps that quality without influence.
        132.1 If a thing with string quality loses direction due to influence, it is called inhibition.

Learning more about physics, this is bullshit. But I do like the rethoric and the structure.

6

Think more about coupled pendulums and also graphs of coupled pendulums.

oscillator networks.

Idea: An oscillator network is a network of different point masses that interact with each other 

7

Wait I just realized I can make pronounciation match with meaning by arranging the groups and the elements in each group.

8

Remember nodes in standing waves

remember potential well

"The wavefunction ψ(x) isn’t a physical wave like water. It’s more like a pattern that encodes probabilities."

"
1. What is the potential?

The potential (usually written V(x)) is:

the potential energy of a particle as a function of position

So instead of saying “there’s a force pushing here,” we say:

“If the particle is at position x, it has energy V(x)”

That’s all it is: a map from position → energy.
"

May.6

1

Apparently, the standing wave of the electron in the atom is confined between the proton and infinity. But how is that really confinement?

Hold up, the term exitement is used in physics and it means increasing the energy of a particle (?)

2

Remember this notion: The darwinian problem of nature is not how to produce consciousness, it is how to conserve the structure of consciousness at high mass.

3

I want to find the most abstract representation of everything. This is gon be hard. I don't think it's going to be the directed graph.

Idea: Define a metaphysical particle recursively. "A particle is the interaction of particles in a field". We're getting somewhere. 

31 Idea: The interaction of particles can be described with a directed graph with the following characteristics: 
    311 There is an edge from every point to every point. 
    312 Each edge e = (v_1, v_2) has a value r assigned to it that is the ratio of each mass. 
        3121 So r(e) = m(v_1)/m(v_2)

32 Let m = {v_1...v_n}. Then m(v) = \sum_{i}^{n}m(v_i).
33 Each particle moves.
34 according to this logic, any set of particles can be seen as a particle.
341 Idea: Given a set of particles, the power set is the set of all particles that arise from this set.

I want to orient myself to the notation of physics.

What is substance 51 in this model? Mass, energy or velocity? All three?

potential well seems to be 11 skin.

What is the difference between substance and flesh? I think the only difference is that flesh points to skin as it's counterpart and substance points to dissolution as its counterpart.

35 Idea: Let's rename particle to "person". A person has the attribute of Integrity.

Is denstiy even important? Let's try to define Integrity first.

Find a way to somehow define personhood in such a way, that p(P) = 1 if and only if integrity i(P) = 1

Note: If personhood is defined as recursive integrity, is the logarithmic spiral a person?

All of this is still really fresh but I really like where this is going. Getting super duper formal I love it. Even more formal then Wittgenstein in a way.

36 Define person p = (c i), with C := {c_1, ..., c_n|c_i \in C}

An entity e is either a composite or a particle. An Entity has a position f_{15}(c).

A composite is a set of entities: p = {p_1, ..., p_n}. 

The personhood of a composite is the delta of its integrity.

The integrity of the composite is the delta of it's volume.

The volume of a composite is the lebesgue measure on its convex hull. The convex hull is called its body. Body f_{02}(c) = conv(c)

\Rightarrow collapse f_{93}(c) = "the set of all states of c where i(c) < 0"

fragmentation f_{13}(c) = "the set of all states of c where i(c) > 0"

a composite with integrity = 0 is a particle?.

\Rightarrow body f_{02}(c) = "the set of all states of c where i(c) = 0"



4

It seems what I'm steering towards is "mind has the strucutre of nature" in contrast to "nature has the structure of mind" so it is a kind of naturalism it seems but at the end it does not matter too much since both statements have the same meaning in Frege terms. At the end I'm thinking about leaving it open what kind of -ism it is.

The thing I would gain though is that Silexian naturalism sounds better then silexism since the latter sounds similar to sexism.

I feel like when I say something like "it doesn't matter" what this points to is that the Silexian teaching is mainly a kind of pragmatism. Yeah that makes a lot of sense actually, this encapsulates my motivation pretty well. I'm using metaphysical language not for it's own sake but for pragmatical reasons.

Notion: Marxism-Leninism is pragmatic Marxism.

Yeah I'm getting really freaking comfortable with the idea that I'm pursuing a kind of pragmatism.

What I could also do to avoid the term silexism is use "silexian teaching" instead.

5

Idea: The aestetic of Silexis is eclectic.

6

Idea: In 48, efficacy comes through mass and in 68, it comes through energy. 

7

Title for a book

Sileixis: Der versuch einer Mathematischen ontologie

Silexis: An essay on a mathematical ontology

8

I never realized that essay means attempt.

9

I need to find a word that encapsulates what silexis wants to be. It should combine universal poesie, religion, ideologie, characteristica universalis, formal ontology, etc.

Maybe it's "holistic formal ontology". Sounds banger. Or "mathematical holistic ontology" since Silexis is on the trajectory to be not only formal but also mathematical.

Das Silex: Das Sein in mathematischer Ordnung dargestellt

10

The goal of silexis is to find a mathematical system that has equal  

11

"
1. Analysis of Concepts into Primitives
Leibniz believed that all complex concepts could be decomposed, like chemical compounds, into a finite set of primitive, unanalyzable concepts — the "alphabet of human thought" (alphabetum cogitationum humanarum). Just as all words are made of letters, all ideas would be made of these conceptual atoms.
"

Yeah that's what I'm doing.

"
2. Assigning Numbers to Primitives
In his most concrete attempt (the General Investigations, ~1686), Leibniz proposed assigning prime numbers to primitive concepts. Complex concepts would then be represented by the products of their component primes. Two concepts are compatible (one contains the other) if and only if one number divides the other. Logical containment becomes arithmetic divisibility.
"

Very interesting idea. Can I do this too?

12

Versuch einer mathematischen Formalisierung der allgemeinen Struktur des Seins

May.7

1

"The only effective solution against evil and violent people, are good people more skilled in violence" - Japanese Code

2

I realized that phenomenology seems to just mean looking at direct experience in the now. It seems that this is what I'm doing already? But what I'm doing is also analytical though. What is the relationship between analytical philosophy and phenomenology historially?

Yeah all of the factors have a phenomenological component.

Okay so Silexis is a kind of phenomenology? It seems Silexis is many things. I gues it is a reflection of my personal philosophy.

Is the factor a cluster of semantics or phenomena or both?

3

Idea: Silexis is the description of the universal phenomenon through the formalization of one of its possible 100-factorizations.

4

Idea: Being a slave of your true self.

5

Idea: Sequence is geometry. Repetition is pattern. Point is form.

form + pattern = geometry.

6

Hierarchy of fregian meanings 

7

Die vier Basisfaktoren der Silexischen Faktorisierung des universellen phänomens sind:

räumlichkeit 00
Form 21
Reflektion 22
Wiederholung 23

8

The most radical form of authenticity is to act with integrity regarding the true self even if it means death.

action := a \in 48
self := s \in 35

let r = 74(a, s) 

9 

Am I building a kind of logic of phenomenology?

10

Draw a dependency diagram of the project. Factors, Maths, phonemes, dict, etc.

11

What is the relationship between epoche and the state of not knowing?

12

What is the relationship between epoche and Silexis? It seems that there is somewhat a troubled relationship.

The Silexian analysis does seem to not propagate epoche. But the problem that is adressed in Silexian thought is the issue of fragmented thought that is caused by epoche.

Idea: The solution of Silexis is an oscillation between epoche and knowledge consolidation 92.

13

OMG I will so learn the 3blue1brown visualization software to visualize my maths.

Manim

14

What is more broad, being-in-the-world or state of consciousness?

15

Thought: The value of religion comes from its phenomenology. Humans have not mastered phenomenology in such a way to adequately describe religion logically. This "catching up to religious practice to then construct an alternative" is a core purpose of science.

The logician who criticises religion projects their own narrow worldview onto the religious worldview. This is like a fish judging a bird for not being able to live under water. 

May.7

1

What I'm attempting is a mathematical formalization of phenomenology. As I expected, I'm not the first one to try this. Research Jean Petitot and Roman Ingarden.

Yeah the theory of Jean Petitot is extremely similar to mine.

form his website:

"
Main Research Interests
Dynamical Models in Cognitive Sciences

        1. Morphodynamical Models, Connectionist Models and Complex Systems
        2. Learning and Categorization
        3. Differential Geometry and Computational Vision
        4. The Constituency Problem in Dynamical and Connectionist Models
        5. Logic and Geometry
        6. Naturalized Phenomenology
        7. Semiotics and Morphodynamics
      

Epistemology of Mathematical Models

        1. The Platonist Problem in Philosophy of Mathematics
        2. New Trends in Philosophy of Mathematics
        3. Epistemology of Mathematical Physics
        4. Philosophy and Phenomenology of Form
"

sounds juicy.

"
Philosophically, he sits somewhere between:

Husserl,
Merleau-Ponty,
René Thom,
Gilles Deleuze (in some respects),
and cognitive science / complexity theory.
"

Yeah same. Who is René Thom though?

2

I'm steering into the direction of extremely high complexity. It is hard to make money with this level of complexity, however it is easy to move from high complexity to low complexity, while it is hard to move in the opposite direction.
